Hey!
Deku has a Quirk. right?
You saw that extraordinary strength.
didn't you?
Did he dare trick me?
That damn nerd!
He's a piece of work.
but his goal. his confidence.
his physical strength. and his Quirk
are way more amazing than mine.
But that's why right now…
I don't want to lose.
Now. let's start
the indoor person-to-person
combat training
with Team A and Team D!
Come Deku. don't dodge.
I won't do so much damage
that this fight gets stopped.
but I'm gonna get close!
Wow. he's like a martial arts master!
What's with this guy?
Did he read my moves?
My "Deku" isn't always
going to mean "useless"!
Kacchan.
my "Deku" means "You can do it!"
Because Kacchan and I
lived in the same neighborhood.
we've known each other
since we were little.
NO TRESPASSING
YOU CAN'T GO IN THERE!
Let's go kill the enemy!
Okay!
He was the type who could do
anything he tried his hand at.
a rascal who led the group
of neighborhood kids.
Good or bad.
Kacchan was full of confidence.
and I thought he was so cool.
But…
after his Quirk manifested.
it accelerated him
down the wrong path.
Even though you're scared…
That's what I hate about you!
All men are not created equal.
This was the reality I learned
about society at the young age of four.
EPISODE SEVEN:
DEKU VS. KACCHAN
Hey. Bakugo!
Give me your status!
What happened?
Just shut up and defend.
I'm really angry right now!
I'm not asking about how you feel!
Hey!
He hung up…
Going off on his own like that…
What is wrong with him?
Jeez!
What was Bakugo saying?
Can't tell with just the cameras
in a fixed position and no sound.
He's talking to his partner
over the small wireless radio.
You can bring that
plus the building's floor plan.
and this capture tape!
Once you wrap this around your opponent.
it shows that you've captured them.
The time limit is 15 minutes.
and the heroes don't know where
the nuclear weapon is located. right?
Yes!
The heroes are clearly
at a disadvantage here!
Heroes should be able to turn the tables
on whatever predicament they're in.
Besides. didn't Mr. Aizawa tell you. too?
You know…
Here we go!
Plus Ultra!
Monsieur. Bakugo is…
Uraraka. go!
Looking away?
You must be sure of yourself.
The capture tape?
Hero notebook number ten.
page 18!
I'm glad I got to see
Eraser Head's moves in person!
What's next?
If it's Kacchan. he'll be impatient
and swing with his right again!
I was right!
That guy's amazing!
He's not even using his Quirk
fighting against the guy
who finished first in the entrance exam!
He was always good
at reacting quickly in a crisis.
He spent years writing
his notes and internalizing them.
That fanboy knowledge
is now paying off
as it propels him forward.
He kicked first this time
to keep me from predicting his moves.
He's being cautious now.
Come back here. Deku!
I can't get close to him
as easily anymore.
I need a plan.
Hey! You tricked me. didn't you?
Was it fun tricking me all this time?
Huh? You've got a flashy Quirk there.
don't you?
Try and get me with it!
'Cause I'm better than you!
He seems real angry. It's scary!
I had heard from young Midoriya
that young Bakugo is a mass of pride.
but that mass has gotten too big.
He completely ignored Uraraka
and shot at me.
I knew it.
If they were going to send
an advance guard.
it would've been better to send Iida.
who has more mobility.
and I'm sure Kacchan knows that.
That probably means
he's running wild on his own.
and the two of them
aren't working together.
In the first place.
our chances of winning are lowest
if we have a head-to-head battle
with those two.
CURRENT LOCATION - VILLAIN HIDEOUT
If Uraraka and I both went to the hideout.
that's what would happen.
and even if the two of us stayed here
to fight Kacchan.
we're in danger of running out of time.
This is fine.
All that's left is for Uraraka
to find the weapon and Iida.
and then I'll head over
for a two-on-one fight.
That's how we can win.
That's assuming
I can beat Kacchan. though.
It's fine.
As long as I'm careful of his palms.
I can do this.
Where are you?
You damn nerd!
And I forgot to tell you. Kacchan…
You're Quirkless!
How can you even stand
in the same ring as me?
It's not like I'm trying
to compete with you or anything!
Believe me!
I take back everything I said!
That's why… I'm going!
My "Deku" means "You can do it!"
He's just a pebble!
Wow. Kacchan!
This is easy!
Ow!
Izuku. you really can't do anything.
can you?
IZUKU (DEKU) MIDORIYA
You can read the characters
for "Izuku" as "Deku." you know.
Kacchan. you can read?
You can't?
And "Deku" means
someone who can't do anything!
Really?
Stop that…
Why don't you know?
Kacchan.
how many times did yours skip?
Seven!
-Wow!
-That's Kacchan for ya!
What about you. Deku?
Zero times…
Why can't you do it?
Wow!
-Lucky!
-That's so cool!
Wow. that's an amazing Quirk!
It really is!
It's a flashy Quirk just right for a hero.
Right. Katsuki?
Oh. I see! I'm amazing!
No one is as amazing as I am!
You're so lucky. Kacchan.
Your Quirk's so cool!
I hope I get mine soon. too.
No matter what Quirk you get.
you'll never beat me.
He's just a pebble!
Hey. did you hear?
Deku doesn't have a Quirk.
What? Really?
Yeah. it's called being "Quirkless."
That's so lame.
-Too bad for him.
-He's so weird!
Don't worry about it. Izuku.
You're the least amazing. Deku.
Forward march. members
of the Bakugo Hero Agency!
Kacchan!
Hey. are you okay?
He's fine. Kacchan's real strong!
See?
I was fine!
Hurry up and get back up here!
'Kay. no problem!
Nothing was wrong!
Are you all right? Can you stand?
It would've been bad
if you hit your head.
Don't look at me with that face!
You looked like you were asking for help…
Stop it!
I'm…
I'm better than him!
Found it.
Now I just have to tell Deku
and hide until he gets here.
Bakugo is a natural at being bad.
but that fits this training perfectly.
Then I must also devote
myself to being a villain.
That's right.
This is another trial
to turn me into a man
who will not bring shame
to the Iida family.
Become a villain!
Be dyed with evil
in order to become a hero!
I am…
extremely evil!
He's taking this so seriously!
Have you arrived. Uraraka?
I knew that you would come here alone
the instant Bakugo ran off by himself.
Your Quirk allows you to make
the objects you touch float.
That is why I put away all the things
on this floor before you arrived.
Now you cannot play your little tricks!
You have blundered. hero!
He's starting to look…
like a villain!
Deku!
Uraraka! How's it going?
Iida found me. Sorry!
-I'm evil!
-Right now. he's slowly…
Where are you?
The middle of the fifth floor.
Almost directly above!
We probably
don't have much time left. either.
If we run out of time.
our opponents win!
I can't…
I can't lose this fight!
They're loaded.
Kacchan.
Why won't you use your Quirk?
Are you saying you can win
even if you don't use it?
Are you underestimating me. Deku?
I have no choice but to do it.
I can do it. I can!
I'm not scared of you anymore!
With your stalking.
you probably already know.
but my Quirk. Explosion.
lets me secrete nitroglycerin-like sweat
from the sweat glands
on the palm of my hand
and make it explode.
If they made this the way I asked.
then these gauntlets will store
the nitroglycerin inside them. and…
Don't tell me that's…
Young Bakugo. stop!
-Are you trying to kill him?
- If I don't hit him. he won't die!
This is supposed to be a class!
Young man!
Young Midoriya!
Is that… even allowed?
Wow…
The more that's stored in these gauntlets.
the stronger the blast.
Come on. use your Quirk. Deku…
I'll force you to surrender
even if you're at full strength.
Bakugo. answer me!
Did you do that?
What in the world did you do?
-This is my chance!
- Explain yourself!
If we retrieve the weapon. we'll win!
I won't let you. hero!
We need to touch the weapon itself
for it to count as being retrieved.
Can she make herself float now. too?
Release!
It's a special move
that's hard on my body!
Your Quirk is not a threat
if you cannot touch anything.
I'll hold out until time runs out!
Deku's trying so hard. though!
Hey. hey. what's wrong. Deku?
I didn't hit you.
so you can still move. can't you?
Come and get me!
The explosion shot out.
He had his costume made so that his Quirk
would work even for long distances.
-Uraraka. what's the situation?
-Deku!
Ignoring me again?
I can't believe him!
Sir. you should stop them!
That Bakugo's really crazy!
He's gonna kill him!
No…
I won't do so much damage that this fight
gets stopped. but I'm gonna get close!
If I don't hit him. he won't die!
Strangely enough.
part of him is still sane.
I don't know
if it's small-minded or what.
but anyway…
Young Bakugo.
the next time you use that. I'll stop
the fight. and your team will lose.
Huh?
To attack on such a large scale inside
is inviting the destruction
of the stronghold
you should be protecting.
That is a foolish plan
for both heroes and villains!
You will lose a lot of points for it!
As a teacher. I should stop this.
However…
Go to the pillar by the windows!
-Over and out!
-Fine. then!
Let's fight it out with our fists!
It's no good. I can't dodge it!
A counterattack!
Watch the timing…
Now!
What was that just now?
He doesn't look like the type to think.
but he's more subtle than I expected.
What do you mean?
He changed his course in a blast
that doubled as a smoke screen
and then did it again immediately.
Getting in a clean hit
while fighting against inertia
requires fine lateral adjustments
to the power of the explosions.
He's too talented…
Ugh…
Look. here I come!
It's your favorite right swing!
Deku!
You are…
below me!
He's not going to give me
a chance to think.
I couldn't do it after all…
He's too strong…
I have no choice but to use it…
This is a massacre!
He can capture him for this exercise
by just wrapping the tape around him!
Those are not the actions of a hero.
I thought Midoriya
was pretty amazing. too.
but in terms of combat power.
Bakugo is definitely
a ball of natural instincts.
I should stop them.
But…
I don't want to stop them. for his sake!
He's running away?
That's not something a man should do.
but he has no choice.
But something's strange…
Why?
Why won't you use your Quirk?
Are you underestimating me?
No…
You've been like this
ever since we were kids…
Have you been underestimating me
like that since then. you bastard?
That's not it…
You're…
You're an amazing person.
so that's why I want to beat you!
I want to win
and surpass you. you idiot!
Don't look at me like that!
You damn nerd!
These are the first passionate emotions
he's shown
other than "I want to be a hero!"
I'm sure this is necessary for you
to arrive at the future you're looking at.
Detroit…
I said. this looks bad! Sir!
Both of you. sto…
Let's go. Uraraka!
Okay!
There's still no way
I can beat you one-on-one.
But…
…Smash!
What the…
Sorry. Iida!
Improvised special move…
Comet Home Run!
You call that a home run?
Release!
Retrieved!
No! The weapon!
That's what…
From the start. you were…
You are underestimating me.
aren't you?
I wasn't… going to use it…
Because I can't use it…
Because my body
can't handle the impact…
Mr. Aizawa said so. too…
But…
this was all…
I could think of…
Hero…
Hero team…
wins!
NEXT TIME
You kids still have a lot of room to grow!
This is just the beginning!
Next time. "Bakugo's Start Line"!
Young Bakugo will get all teary-eyed!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!
NEXT TIME: BAKUGO'S START LINE